[agent builder] Clarify how APIs work with Kibana Spaces (#3636)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/agent-builder/kibana-api.md

[Learn more](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/search/search-connection-details).
:::

### Working with Spaces

> If you're using [Spaces](/deploy-manage/manage-spaces.md), you must include the space identifier in the URL when making API calls with `curl` or other external tools. Insert `/s/<space_name>` before `/api/agent_builder` in your requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run APIs in non-default [spaces](/deploy-manage/manage-spaces.md), you must include the space identifier in the URL when making API calls with `curl` or other external tools. Insert `/s/<space_name>` before `/api/agent_builder` in your requests.
```
